a missing detective
detective henry parker went missing
while investigating a tricky case
his friend detective davis discovered
that one of their colleagues was behind
this disappearance
davis visited parker's home and his
friend's wife gave him a note
henry asked me to give it to you if
something happened to him
please find my husband on the note
there were just four letters two eight
six
seven davis started to question his
colleagues
i've been on vacation all week don't you
remember
said tess jack was worried
i haven't seen parker for a couple of
days do you think something awful has
happened to him
and nora replied i'm just a trainee
detective parker gave me a task and i
was busy doing it
davis thought for a while looked at the
note again and understood
who was guilty you have seven seconds to
do
the same
it was tess 2867
the first letters of these numbers make
up her name
the main suspect
one evening emma went to take out the
trash from her coffee shop
she was about to leave when she spotted
something dark in the corner behind the
trash bins
it was a young woman and she was
unconscious
emma rushed to her the girl's bag and
smartphone were lying nearby on the
ground
the first person on the contacts list
was named big sis
emma called the number and heard a
female voice
i found your sister lying on the ground
it seems someone hit her on the head
oh my how awful i'll come immediately
next emma called the police the sister
and the police officers
arrived at the same time arrest this
woman
she's behind the attack and emma pointed
at the sister
why did she say so
she didn't tell the sister where to come
how did she know the address
a lost watch mia was a shop assistant on
a giant cruise liner
once she found a super expensive watch
in the boutique she worked in
and announced it on the radio soon four
people appeared
each of them claimed it was their watch
mia looked at all of them attentively
and realized who the watch belonged to
can you figure it out too
the man does have a watch tan line but
it's much bigger than the watch mia
found
the young girl already has a watch on
her left hand
why would she wear the second one the
elderly lady must be very absent-minded
her dog is wearing her watch as a collar
so
the watch must belong to the teenager
granny's riddles mark was starving after
a long day at the university
his apartment was too far away so he
decided to drop by his grannies
he knew she always had something tasty
to treat him to
unfortunately his granny had a quirk
first
a visitor had to crack her riddle and
then they got as much food as they could
eat
this time wasn't any different granny
gave mark a slip of paper
there it was written little little
late late can you understand what it
means
[Music]
too little too late
a mysterious scientist joanna
made a bet with her friends she had to
go to a deserted house in the middle of
their town at night
no one lived there and the house was
supposed to be demolished soon
but rumor had it a mad scientist used
that building as his lab
it was about 3 am when the girl saw a
gloomy large
building the door was slightly ajar
she entered and saw a huge dark hallway
suddenly
someone switched on the light and joanna
saw a bizarre looking man in a lab coat
he stood there and stared at her for a
few seconds before
saying good morning i'm dr clark
but you aren't real joanna exclaimed
how did the girl figure it out
[Music]
even though the scientist had a
reflection in the mirror he didn't cast
a shadow
it was a hologram
an accident in a dance studio once a
dance studio owner found dylan one of
the instructors
lying on the floor in one of the rooms
someone had hit the man on the head
the owner called the police they
questioned the dance studio workers and
visitors
and found three suspects chloe a regular
said she hadn't visited the studio for
several days
she had several days off and spent them
sunbathing on the beach
ethan another instructor told the police
his friend had called him and asked for
help
that's why he had left the studio before
dylan came to work
layla dylan's girlfriend admitted they
had quarreled earlier in the morning
but after that she went to her best
friend to talk about this situation
the police officers understood right
away who was behind the attack
[Music]
it was chloe she said she has spent
several days on the beach
but her skin is extremely pale
only one portal luke took part in the
scientific experiment
but something went terribly wrong he
ended up in a place where there was
nothing but three portals one of them
led to a polar desert in antarctica
the second one opened into a volcanic
crater filled with molten lava
and behind the third portal there was
the dinosaur age
with huge diplodocuses roaming around
which portal should the man choose
luke would freeze in no time in a polar
desert molten lava isn't
even an option but diplodocuses are
totally harmless to people
they only eat plants
a dangerous teacher marta was walking
through the park near her home in the
evening
it was dark and there was nobody around
suddenly
her bag was grabbed from behind and the
person bolted away
marta took off after them she was pretty
sure this person was a woman
but she couldn't make out her appearance
or clothes
the woman disappeared inside a school
building when marta ran inside
she saw three teachers the girl looked
at them attentively
and soon figured out which one had taken
her bag
can you do the same
the woman in the middle wouldn't be able
to run away with a cast on her leg
the one on the right doesn't have
anything in her hands
where would she hide marta's bag so
quickly but
the woman on the left has a big shopper
bag on her shoulder
a real teacher wouldn't need to carry it
in the classroom
missing paintings detective henry taylor
was getting ready for work
when he heard screams from his
neighbor's house he rushed there
the door was locked the man had to kick
it several times before it gave way
he found his neighbor miss anderson in
the living room
she was tied to a chair oh i'm so happy
you heard me shouting
an hour ago a man knocked on my door and
said he was an electrician
but as soon as i let him in he tied me
up and took
all the priceless paintings i had got
from my grandfather
and then he just ran away leaving me
here
detective taylor had to arrest the woman
for staging the theft
how did he know
when he tried to get into the house the
door was locked from the inside
who could do it if miss anderson was
tied up
and the thief ran out of the house in a
hurry
a car accident emily had been dreaming
of having her own car for
ages and finally she got it the girl was
so happy that she immediately went for a
drive
she was a careful driver and never broke
any traffic rules
but suddenly she heard a nasty
screeching sound and was jolted forward
when she got over her shock she saw a
red toyota disappearing into the
distance
it was a hit-and-run emily was extremely
upset
in an awful mood she continued on her
way
ten minutes later though she saw the
very same red toyota park near a cafe
emily ran inside and saw three visitors
the girl didn't need long to figure out
who the driver that had hit her car was
[Music]
it was the man on the right the two
other visitors are already eating
but he's still looking through the menu
a stuck ball martin was playing with his
new football
at one moment he kicked it a bit too
hard
the ball flew into the air and fell down
a hollow fence post
the post was very narrow and the ball
barely fit there
but still it got to the very bottom tray
as he might
martin couldn't get the ball out of the
pipe luckily his friend david joined him
in no time the second boy helped martin
to get his ball back
how did he do it
david used a water hose lying nearby he
filled the pipe with water and the ball
floated up